Document how to connect with a jupyterhub (#82)
2i2c-org/binderhub-service: README.md

    using the command from step 9.

## Connect with a JupyterHub installation

Next, let's connect this to a JupyterHub set up via [z2jh](https://z2jh.jupyter.org/). While any JupyterHub
that can run containers will work with this, the _most common_ setup is to use this with z2jh. The first
few steps are lifted directly from the [install JupyterHub](https://z2jh.jupyter.org/en/stable/jupyterhub/installation.html)
section of z2jh.

1. Add the z2jh chart repository to helm:

   ```
   helm repo add jupyterhub https://hub.jupyter.org/helm-chart/
   helm repo update
   ```

2. We want the binderhub to be available under `http://{{hub url}}/services/binder`, because
   that is what `jupyterhub-fancy-profiles` expects. Eventually we would also want authentication
   to work correctly. For that, we must set up binderhub as a [JupyterHub Service](https://jupyterhub.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/services.html).
   This provides two things:

   a. Routing from `{{hub url }}/services/{{ service name }}` to the service, allowing us to
   expose the service to the external world using JupyterHub's ingress / loadbalancer, without

>    needint a dedicated ingress / loadbalancer for BinderHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   needing a dedicated ingress / loadbalancer for BinderHub.
```

             choices:
               pangeo:
                 display_name: Pangeo Notebook Image
                 description: "Python image with scientific, dask and geospatial tools"
                 kubespawner_override:
                   image: pangeo/pangeo-notebook:2023.09.11
               scipy:
                 display_name: Jupyter SciPy Notebook
                 slug: scipy
                 kubespawner_override:
                   image: jupyter/scipy-notebook:2023-06-26
   ```

3. Deploy, using the command from step 5 of the section above.

4. Access the JupyterHub itself, using the external IP you got from step 5 of the section
   above (not `{{ hub IP }}/services/binder/`). Once you log in (you can use _any_ username
   and password), you should see a UI that allows you to choose two pre-existing
   images (pangeo and scipy), specify your own image, or 'build' your own image.
   The last option lets you access the binder functionality! Test it out :)

From now on, you can customize this JupyterHub as you would any other JupyterHub set up
using z2jh. The [customization guide](https://z2jh.jupyter.org/en/stable/jupyterhub/customization.html)

> contains many helpful. In particular, you probably want to set up more restrictive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contents may be helpful. In particular, you probably want to set up more restrictive
```

I think this is what this sentence is supposed to say?

Reviewer: Or perhaps "contains many helpful examples"?

Author: Ah, looks like my brain stopped mid sentence! "contains many helpful examples" is close, I pushed a change with something like that.
